chore(docs): add autoscaling cooldown english docs (#3700)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/backend-service.en.md

        cpu: 256
        memory: 512
        count:
          range: 1-10
          cooldown:
            in: 30s
            out: 60s
          cpu_percentage: 70
          memory_percentage:
            value: 80
            cooldown:
              in: 80s
              out: 160s
          requests: 10000

>           response_time: 2s

Reviewer: This general example is verbose enough and for `cooldown` maybe we don't need a full example here but rely on the below section for more detailed introduction.

```yaml
count:
  range: 1-10
  cooldown:
    in: 30s

>     out: 60s

Reviewer: Same here.

<span class="parent-field">range.</span><a id="count-range-spot-from" href="#count-range-spot-from" class="field">`spot_from`</a> <span class="type">Integer</span>  
The desired count at which you wish to start placing your service using Fargate Spot capacity providers.

<span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="count-cooldown" href="#count-cooldown" class="field">`cooldown`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>  

> Scale up and down generalized cooldown fields which are used as the default cooldown for all autoscaling fields specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scale cooldown fields that are used as the default cooldown for all autoscaling fields specified.
```

<span class="parent-field">count.cooldown.</span><a id="count-cooldown-in" href="#count-cooldown-in" class="field">`in`</a> <span class="type">Duration</span>  

> The time cooldown for autoscaling fields to scale up the service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cooldown time for autoscaling fields to scale up the service.
```

Reviewer 2: nit (repeat to others)

<span class="parent-field">count.cooldown.</span><a id="count-cooldown-out" href="#count-cooldown-out" class="field">`out`</a> <span class="type">Duration</span>  
The time cooldown for autoscaling fields to scale down the service.

> The following options `cpu_percentage`, `memory_percentage`, `requests` and `response_time` are autoscaling fields for `count` which can be defined either as the value of the field, or as a Map containing advanced information about the fields `value` and `cooldown`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following options `cpu_percentage`, `memory_percentage`, `requests` and `response_time` are autoscaling fields for `count` which can be defined either as the value of the field, or as a Map containing advanced information about the field's `value` and `cooldown`:
```

```yaml

> value: n

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
value: 50
```

cooldown:
  in: 30s
  out: 60s
```
The cooldown specified here will override the default cooldown.

<span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="count-cpu-percentage" href="#count-cpu-percentage" class="field">`cpu_percentage`</a> <span class="type">Integer or Map</span>  
Scale up or down based on the average CPU your service should maintain.

<span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="count-memory-percentage" href="#count-memory-percentage" class="field">`memory_percentage`</a> <span class="type">Integer or Map</span>  
Scale up or down based on the average memory your service should maintain.

> <span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="requests" href="#count-requests" class="field">`requests`</a> <span class="type">Integer or Map</span>  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="requests" href="#count-requests" class="field">`requests`</a> <span class="type">Integer or Map</span>
```

Scale up or down based on the request count handled per task.

> <span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="response-time" href="#count-response-time" class="field">`response_time`</a> <span class="type">Duration or Map</span>  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="response-time" href="#count-response-time" class="field">`response_time`</a> <span class="type">Duration or Map</span>
```
